Ui Interface
Page# 1 login in screen that also has a sign up button. sign allows the user to create a username and password that is stored for future login. username and password is stored. doesnt require email or anything not very security driven. checks database if username is already in use on sign to prevent duplicate usernames. forgot password button aswell. on sign up ask user to select one of 3 security questions. if guessed correctly the user password is displayed.

Page# 2 is going to have a big button that says create tournament. after a tournament has been created it will be displayed as a list below the create tournament button. next to each tournament on the right hand side will be a Rename button and a Delete button

page# 3 selecting on a tournament from page#2 will take you to this page. this page (Page# 3) will have 3 buttons "Create match" at the top, "Manage players" below that, and "View scores" at the bottom.

Page# 3.1 selecting "Create match" will take you to this page. at the top you will a have toggle with list a of number of teams 2-10, next to that toggle will be another for team size 4-14. Below this will be several setting. "Absent player setting" will have 3 selections. " no points for players", and "lowest scoring points for absent players". next to that is "Distrube players" settings. "Randomize with equal Gender distribution", "Radnomize by Player selected Skill level", and "Randomize by player average score" below these settings is a button "generate Teams". bellow that is a grid of all players the user has created. just above the grid is also a button "Add Player" and brief description of the grid. color coded grid. Green is present for Game, Red is Absent. absent wont be selected when "Generate Teams" button is pressed. pressing/clicking a player will toggle between Red and Green.

Page# 3.1.1 Pressing "Generate teams" takes you to this page. it will display virtual volley ball fields. (a rectangle with a line in the middle seperating the teams) in the virtual volley ball court will have the Team Number at the top and the players on that team position on the field. Above the Generated Courts will be button "Submit Scores" Below the Generated Courts you will have a Button "Add Player" Selecting this button Activates a drop down that displays all player that are not currently On a team. Selecting a player from this drop down will add them to the team with the fewest players. if all teams are even, player will be added to the first team. Next to the "Add player" button will be a "Remove Player" button when selected will give a drop a down of all players currently on a team and selecting a player name will initiate removal of that player from the game. All player names displayed on the Court can be selected and moved to other teams/Courts. when moved we need to make sure their team number is also updated. 

Page# 3.1.1.1 Pressing the "Submit scores" button will update Page 3.1.1 to Page# 3.1.1.1 all the fields will stay on this screen with the Team Numbers at the top ; However , the players will be removed a drop down box will be placed in each Field. allowing you to select a score From 1-25. at the bottom will be a Button "Submit Scores" Selecting this button will update scores and increase the Game# on the Score Sheet for all players and take the user back to page#3

Page# 3.2 pressing the "Manage players" button on page# 3 will take you to this page. An "Add Player" button will be at the top. selecting this will allow you to create a new player. When selected you will be prompted to input a name, the gender and their expected level of skill. Skill range will be Novice,intermediate,Advanced. Below the "Add Player" button will be a List of all players the user has input along with there current scores. players will be listed in rows, name on the left and each attribute on the right. on the Right of each player off the grid will be an "edit" button. selecting this button will allow you to edit the players Attributes, name, Skill level and gender.

Page# 3.3 Pressing the "View Scores" button on page#3 will take you here. displayed will be a grid of all players and their scores. on the left players will be listed. organized by the Highest scoring player at the top and lowest scoring player at the bottom. to the right of the names will be the Score for each Game. The very first row will in the first will say "Game #" and every Column after that will the Game#. to the Right of each player will be a button that allows that players score to be edited. 

Match Date, length, and number will be stored

